[NDMII-3524] Direct users to profile onboarding docs from ddev SNMP profiles docs (#21201)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/tutorials/snmp/profiles.md

SNMP profiles are our way of providing out-of-the-box monitoring for certain makes and models of network devices.

!!! warning

>     This page describes an old workflow for building SNMP profiles. The recommended way to create and manage profiles is now through the **SNMP Profile Manager**, which provides a guided, GUI-based experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This page describes the manual workflow for building SNMP profiles manually. The recommended way to create and manage profiles is now through the **SNMP Profile Manager**, which provides a guided, GUI-based experience.
```
